EDW	  I've been in calls non-stop from the morning, so I haven't been able to answer any of them.
	  I read what you said, but I haven't opened the attachments, the screenshots.
	  And anyway, I did not receive this, so can you start explaining from scratch if you don't mind?
SD	  Yes, I'm sharing screen now. Can you see?
	  Yeah.
	  Okay. It's a little question. It's about the bootstrapping.
	  I have done bootstrapping for the variables of the champion model, and I have the results,
	  but I have not clear what do I have to calculate to have the same results as UA to have this percentage.
	  I don't know if it's clear my question.
	  I have the confidence interval here for every variable of the champion model.
EDW	  Sorry, remind me Anurag, do you...
	  I don't know, what do we do? I forgot anyway.
ANURAG	  So in UAE, it's in these three steps.
	  Actually, if you just open the screens, meaning the document, we have to do these three things.
	  So we take a thousand resamples and we keep the model each time.
	  And you look at the size and sign and significance of each of these models.
	  So fit the champion model for each of these thousand resamples and look at the sign and significance of the coefficients.
EDW	  Okay. So have you done this, Sheila?
	  Have you done this resampling and building all these models?
	  But should they do this because they have a whole load sample, ANURAG?
	  Aren't we doing this because we don't have a whole load sample?
ANURAG	  So that is true.
	  So basically, I think the logic was that if there is not sufficient data to build a whole load sample, we should do this.
EDW	  Okay. So anyway, we can see the results here.
	  But in general, Sheila, if you have a whole load sample, you should build the model of the whole load sample
	  and compare the coefficients of the sign and the significance to the champion model.
	  So the results from the champion model.
	  Okay, so you rebuild the same model of the whole load only and make sure that the signs are the same and that the p-values are significant.
	  So I recommend you try this first of all as well.
	  Okay.
SD	  Okay. Okay. I will try this.
	  So you see what I mean? So the framework suggests that if you have a whole load, you build the model of the whole load
	  and you check all the signs and all the coefficients, all the significance.
	  If you don't have a whole load, then you do the bootstrapping.
	  The bootstrapping is plan B, if you could say, if you don't have the...
ANURAG	  So if we have the framework document as well, then we can just go through this section.
	  She can have a look here. You can have a look at the framework document and it explains for when you have a whole load.
	  You just need to build the model really.
SD	  Okay, here I have the framework.
	  One second, go a bit more up. A little bit more up.
	  Up, up, no, no.
	  Yeah, yeah, yeah. So do not include...
EDW	  So model-separate tests for models which do not include the whole load.
	  So you need model-separate tests which do include the whole load.
	  So if you go more up...
	  Yeah, this one, this one. So we reach 4.3.1, but it's very simple.
	  It's what I told you. Just build the model of the whole load and check...
	  You see what I mean? You just build the model of the whole load.
	  Just run one regression. It's very simple.
	  You take the whole load sample, you build the model with the same drivers as in the champion
	  and check that they have the same sign and the significance is below 5%.
	  And that's it.
	  You don't need to do anything else.
SD	  Okay, but is the same sign as the estimating?
	  As the champion, right?
ANURAG	  I think there will be one more on the same.
	  Yeah, the same sign as the champion.
EDW	  So if utilization has a negative sign in your champion model, in your final model,
	  you build the same model with the same drivers on the holdout only
	  and you check that it also has a negative sign.
	  Because if the driver was robust, you should get the same sign on the holdout.
	  Otherwise, the sign is not robust.
SD	  Okay, I understand.
EDW	  Okay, if you have any further questions, you can ask .
	  But that's what you should do on this.
	  The fact that you've done the bootstrap, let's discuss it.
	  Anyway, it doesn't go to waste.
	  So you have all the bootstraps.
	  Yes.
	  What do you mean by origin and samples, column B?
	  What are these numbers?
SD	  These are the numbers of this variable adjusted at isotonic from the model.
ANURAG	  You mean the beta functions?
	  For what driver?
	  For example, this is for the DEBT PRE-default.
	  This is for share price index.
EDW	  I think you just have small samples when you're bootstrapping it.
	  Can you go on utilization? Let's see.
	
	
	  No, I don't.
	  I'm sorry.
	  What is 443?
	  What are these?
	  What is 443?
SD	  This is the development sample.
	  The quantity.
	  They are...
	  Yes.
EDW	  No, but where do you have the development sample?
	  You need to build them.
	  You need to do a bootstrapping and get the coefficients every time.
	  Did you run our code for this?
	  No, no, no.
	  For bootstrapping, no.
	  Okay.
	  This one, I mean...
	  I don't think this is correct.
	  Because what you need to do is run 1,000 models.
	  So you run...
	  You take a sample and you build it.
	  You take a sample and you build it.
	  You run...
	  You take a sample of the development sample and you build a model.
	  And you take note of the coefficients.
	  You take another sample, you build another model.
	  And you take note of the coefficients.
	  You build another sample and you take note of the coefficients.
	  So we have all this code to do this.
	  It's in Anurag's code for bootstrapping.
	  I don't think...
	  There are 1,000...
	  ...samples.
ANURAG	  You are saying this only includes the genetic?
	  It's not the full model, right?
	  These are all the development samples.
EDW	  No, but you shouldn't do this.
	  You should take a boot...
	  Like this.
	  I see what you mean.
	  This is just the sample, Anurag.
	  Okay.
	  So this is the bootstrapped sample.
	  Now you need to run a regression on row 1.
	  Run a regression on column C.
	  C, sorry.
	  Run a regression on column C.
	  Not this, right?
	  On all of them, on the 440 or whatever.
	443
	  So you rerun a regression.
	  And you utilize it.
	  You don't need to do this by driver.
	  So you do bootstrapping once.
	  So you get 1,000 samples.
	  For each sample, rerun the model.
	  Using the same drivers.
	  Using all drivers, the same ones.
	  And you compare the signs of each bootstrapped sample
	  to the champion one.
	  So you don't need a tab
	  by driver.
	  You have 1,000 samples, that's it.
	  For each sample, you rerun the model.
	  You rerun the regression
	  for this sample.
	  Okay.
SD	  So there is left the regression.
EDW	  Where are the results of the regression?
	  For column C?
SD	  No, no.
	  It's not here.
ED{	  Okay.
	  Okay, so what you need to do
	  is if you want to do bootstrapping,
	  but I recommend doing the simpler approach
	  because you have a whole lot.
	  But if you want to do the bootstrapping,
	  you need to run a regression on column C
	  and take a note of all the coefficients.
	  Run it on column D,
	  take a note of all the coefficients.
	  E, F, or all of them.
	  And you always take note of the coefficients.
ANURAG	  So I think it will depend on how
	  well the pull-up sample validation
	  looks like on this.
ED	  Yes, start with the holdout
	  and just run one regression on the holdout.
	  So basically, Sheila, when you have the holdout,
	  you have one holdout sample, right?
	  You can just run the coefficients on that.
	  When you don't have that,
	  we are creating 1,000 artificial samples
	  and then running
	  1,000 regressions.
	  It's like 1,000 holdout samples.
	  It's like 1,000 holdouts, yeah, exactly.
	  But this is a huge overkill for you
	  because you have a holdout,
	  so you have to run the regression on the holdout.
SD	  Okay, I will try this.
	  Okay.
EDW	  Yeah, just get the holdout,
	  run the model with those drivers,
	  take the coefficients and the p-values
	  and compare them to the live model.
	  Reread a bit this 4.3.1,
	  which I think is very clear.
	  Okay, yes.
	  Thank you.
	  Okay.
	  Alright, thank you.
	  If there is anything, just ping us, okay?
	  Thank you very much.
	  Thank you, bye-bye.
	  Thank you.
